### Introduction and Tutorial

This interview is intended to prepare you for an experiment in which we want to investigate how graphical cues support the solving of logical tasks. We would therefore like to discuss possible solution strategies and the use of graphical cues with you using example tasks. The aim is not to evaluate your logical thinking skills, but to find out what kind of cues you think are helpful. To this end, we will discuss tasks without support and tasks with two different types of support. Through the interviews, we want to clarify whether the presentation of the tasks or the type of cues needs to be changed.

#### The Logical Structure of an Argument

The tasks consist of several statements in the conditional form. This means that they can be expressed in the if-then form. An example: "If it rains, the street will get wet." Note that the words "if" and "then" do not necessarily have to appear in the sentence. The sentence "To be allowed to buy alcohol, you must be of legal age" in if-then form is "If you are allowed to buy alcohol, then you must be of legal age."  For example: "Anyone who is not of legal age is not allowed to buy alcohol." It should also be noted that negations can occur in both the if part and the then part. For example: "Anyone who is not of legal age is not allowed to buy alcohol." or “Anyone who is underage is not allowed to buy alcohol."

In a logical inference, several statements in conditional form work together. For example, from the two conditionals "When it rains, the road gets wet" and "When the road is wet, you have to drive slower," we can conclude "When it rains, you have to drive slower." The given statements are called premises, and the inferred statement is called the conclusion. Another example: From the premises "You must be of legal age to buy alcohol. Anyone under the age of 18 is not of legal age in Germany," we can conclude that "Anyone who is 18 years of age or older may buy alcohol in Germany."
